Revision of the content structure (#727)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/introduction.rst

Thanks to the IT-Wallet System, natural and legal persons can directly provide, via their wallet, the information required for accessing services provided by public and private 
entities in the form of Digital Credentials. Similarly to a physical wallet, the IT-Wallet can contain identity or document-related data, such as a driver's license or health card, as well as a wide range of verifiable digital information, such as a professional qualification, educational diploma, licence or certified attribute.

The main roles in the Wallet ecosystem are listed as follow:

> - **Credential Issuers**: parties who issue Digital Credentials for Users;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Credential Issuers**: parties who issue Digital Credentials to Users;
```

> - **Relying Parties**: parties who request Digital Credentials from the User for Authentication and authorization purposes;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Relying Parties**: parties who request Digital Credentials presentations to the User, for Authentication and authorization purposes;
```

What distinguishes this new approach from previous identity access management systems is that Digital Credentials refer to characteristics, qualities or properties, already authenticated at source. These Digital Credentials can be used by the User without the Credential Issuers being aware of their use. During the use of the Digital Credentials, no usage information is released to third parties as the relationship is exclusive between the User and the Relying Party, in a transparent and informed manner.
The development of the IT-Wallet System includes a phased experimentation process, aimed at testing the Wallet and assessing its impact in real-world contexts. This process is designed to validate technical components, user experience elements, and interoperability mechanisms, while ensuring a progressive and controlled adoption of the System. Moreover, it supports the continuous improvement of the IT-Wallet and its gradual alignment with the European Digital Identity Wallet (EUDI Wallet), both in terms of architecture and compliance with evolving European specifications.

Other key elements that characterize this new Digital Identity Wallet paradigm include:

> - **Confidentiality and control**: Wallets enable individuals to maintain control over the information they share. They can choose what attributes or credentials to present and to whom;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Confidentiality and control**: Wallets enable individuals to maintain control over the information provided within the presented Credentials. They can choose what attributes or Credentials to present and to whom;
```

- **Security**: Wallets leverage cryptographic mechanism to ensure the integrity and security of identity information. It avoids the risk of identity theft, fraud, and unauthorized access since the data remains under the individual's control;
- **Interoperability**: Wallets promote interoperability by enabling different systems and organizations to recognize and verify identities without relying on a central authority. This allows for seamless and trusted interactions between individuals, organizations, and even across borders;

> - **Efficiency and cost reduction**: Individuals can easily manage their own credentials, avoid handling multiple identity tokens, and reduce repetitive identity verification processes. This streamlines administrative procedures, reduces costs, and enhances the User Experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Security**: Wallets leverage cryptographic mechanism for the integrity and the security of exchaged data. This avoids identity theft, fraud, and unauthorized access;
- **Interoperability**: Wallets promote interoperability by enabling different systems and organizations to recognize and verify identities, enabling trusted interactions between individuals, organizations, and even across borders;
- **Efficiency and cost reduction**: Individuals can easily manage their own Credentials, avoid handling multiple identity tokens, and reduce repetitive identity verification processes.
```
